Added code to delete partial stages (#881)
The-OpenROAD-Project/OpenROAD-flow: docs/tutorials/FlowTutorial.md

As the flow executes, check out the ORFS directory contents and their
significance.

> If you started running a design and the terminal in which you initiated the run was closed for some reason, you may want to delete all partially generated files and start a fresh run(`ibex` in this case). You can accomplish this task by:

Reviewer: ORFS can generally restart from a previous partial run.  You would only need to do this if you had a failure in the middle of writing some file.  I think the description needs to make this clear.

Author: Sure sir, I shall make the required changes.

As the flow executes, check out the ORFS directory contents and their
significance.

> ORFS can generally restart from a previous partial run.  If you have errors which prevent restarting for some reason, you can delete all partially generated files and start a fresh run(`ibex` in this case).  This could happen if the tool crashed or was killed in the middle of writing a file.  You can accomplish this task by the command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ORFS can generally restart from a previous partial run. If you have errors which prevent restarting the flow, you may try deleting all generated files and start a fresh run. Errors can occur if a tool crashes or is killed while writing a file. The files for `sky130hd/ibex` as an example can be deleted with:
```

```
make clean_all DESIGN_CONFIG=./designs/sky130hd/ibex/config.mk
```

> You can also delete files related to individual stages of RTL to GDSII conversion like synthesis, floorplanning, macro placement, clock-tree synthesis,  routing and layout generation `clear_all` by `clean_synth`, `clean_floorplan`, `clean_place`, `clean_cts`, `clean_route`, `clean_finish` respectively.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also delete files related to individual stages of RTL to GDSII conversion like synthesis, floorplanning, macro placement, clock tree synthesis, routing and layout generation with `clean_synth`, `clean_floorplan`, `clean_place`, `clean_cts`, `clean_route`, and `clean_finish`, respectively.
```

Reviewer: @rovinski sorry I already merged this.  Can you put your changes in a PR and I'll approve them?

Reviewer 2: Oops you beat me :)
#909

As the flow executes, check out the ORFS directory contents and their
significance.

> If you started running a design and the terminal in which you initiated the run had some errors for some reason, you may want to delete all partially generated files and start a fresh run(`ibex` in this case). You can accomplish this task by:
> 
> ```
> make clean_all DESIGN_CONFIG=./designs/sky130hd/ibex/config.mk
> ```
> 
> You can also delete files related to individual stages of RTL to GDSII conversion like synthesis, floorplanning, macro placement, clock-tree synthesis,  routing and layout generation `clear_all` by `clean_synth`, `clean_floorplan`, `clean_place`, `clean_cts`, `clean_route`, `clean_finish` respectively.
> 
> ORFS can generally restart from a previous partial run, so in that case these clear instructions can be ignored.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ORFS can generally restart from a previous partial run.  If you have errors which prevent restarting for some reason, you can delete all partially generated files and start a fresh run(`ibex` in this case).  This could happen if the tool crashed or was killed in the middle of writing a file.  You can accomplish this task by:

```
make clean_all DESIGN_CONFIG=./designs/sky130hd/ibex/config.mk
```

You can also delete files related to individual stages of RTL to GDSII conversion like synthesis, floorplanning, macro placement, clock-tree synthesis,  routing and layout generation `clear_all` by `clean_synth`, `clean_floorplan`, `clean_place`, `clean_cts`, `clean_route`, `clean_finish` respectively.
```
